# Configuration fields
(This page was autogenerated, do not edit manually)
### init
Create a new tasks.py file in the current directory  
(no env var)  

### tags
Only show tasks matching any of these tags  
TASKCLI_CFG_TAGS  

### group_order
Regex re.match patterns of the order in which top-level groups are shown. Any top-level group the name of which matches any of the patterns will be listed first.  
TASKCLI_CFG_GROUP_ORDER  

### search
Only show tasks whose name or description is matching this python regex seach pattern.  
TASKCLI_CFG_SEARCH  

### extra_tasks_name_namespace
What task namespace to prefix to tasks when merging tasks from a upper directory level tasks.py. See also: TASKCLI_EXTRA_TASKS_PY_FILENAMES  
TASKCLI_CFG_EXTRA_TASKS_NAME_NAMESPACE  

### parent
Whether to also include tasks from the closest parent's directory's tasks.py  
TASKCLI_CFG_PARENT  

### parent_task_filter
Custom python function to filter which tasks to include from a parent taskfile. Set in your main taskfile via 'tt.config' field.  
(no env var)  

### extra_tasks_alias_namespace
What string to prefix to task aliases when merging tasks with a different tasks.py. See also: TASKCLI_EXTRA_TASKS_PY_FILENAMES  
TASKCLI_CFG_EXTRA_TASKS_ALIAS_NAMESPACE  

### color
What string to prefix to task aliases when merging tasks with a different tasks.py. See also: TASKCLI_EXTRA_TASKS_PY_FILENAMES  
(no env var)  

### show_hidden
Show all tasks and groups, even the hidden ones.  
TASKCLI_CFG_SHOW_HIDDEN  

### run_show_location
When true, each call to tt.run() also logs the code location from which it was called  
TASKCLI_CFG_RUN_SHOW_LOCATION  

### no_go_task
Disable automatic inclusion of tasks from 'task' binary. Note, for this automaic inclusion to work, TASKCLI_GOTASK_TASK_BINARY_FILEPATH must first be set.  
TASKCLI_CFG_NO_GO_TASK  

### show_hidden_groups
Listing will show groups that were marked with hidden=True  
TASKCLI_CFG_SHOW_HIDDEN_GROUPS  

### show_hidden_tasks
Listing will show tasks that are marked with hidden=True  
TASKCLI_CFG_SHOW_HIDDEN_TASKS  

### show_tags
Listing will show tags of each task.  
TASKCLI_CFG_SHOW_TAGS  

### show_optional_args
Listing will show optional arguments of each task.  
TASKCLI_CFG_SHOW_OPTIONAL_ARGS  

### show_default_values
Listing will show default values of any arguments that are shown. Use with --show-optional-args to also show values of the optional arguments.  
TASKCLI_CFG_SHOW_DEFAULT_VALUES  

### print_task_start_message
Whether to print a log.info log message to stderr whenever a task starts.  
TASKCLI_CFG_PRINT_TASK_START_MESSAGE  

### show_ready_info
Listing tasks will show detailed info about the task's readiness to be run. For example, it will list any required but missing environment variables.   
TASKCLI_CFG_SHOW_READY_INFO  

### hide_not_ready
Tasks which are not ready to run (e.g. due to missing env vars) will be automatically marked as hidden.  
TASKCLI_CFG_HIDE_NOT_READY  

### print_env
List the supported env vars  
(no env var)  

### print_env_detailed
Like --print-env, but also include descriptions.  
(no env var)  

### verbose
Verbose output, show debug level logs.  
TASKCLI_CFG_VERBOSE  

### list
List tasks. Use -ll and -lll for a more detailed listing.  
(no env var)  

### print_return_value
Advanced: print return value of the task function to stdout. Useful when the task is a regular function which by itself does not print, and only returns a value.  
TASKCLI_CFG_PRINT_RETURN_VALUE  

### list_all
Listing tasks shows all possible infomation. Extremely very verbose output.  
TASKCLI_CFG_LIST_ALL  

### print_debug
Import the tasks and print detailed debug information. Use with, or without, specifying a task name.  
TASKCLI_CFG_PRINT_DEBUG  

### file
Which taskfiles to use by default, you can specify multiple (comma separated), they will be merged.default is 'tasks.py'  
TASKCLI_CFG_FILE  

